PS-261 Extend Tools rankings API for support return optionally available volumes data based on input parameter (#142)
BrightLocal/ApiDocs: source/includes/_rankings.md

include-secondary-matches | Determines whether or not to include results matched by name, telephone and/or ZIP/postal code. One of yes or no. This should be used in conjunction with the postal and telephone parameters.
listings | Include details of all SERPs returned, not just the matches. Defaults to "no". Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".
screenshots | Determines whether or not to generate SERP screenshots and include the links to those screenshots in the response. Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".

> with-keyword-volume | Include keyword volume value. Defaults to "no". Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with-keyword-volume | Include keyword volume data in the response. There's an additional charge for this data. Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".
```

include-secondary-matches | Determines whether or not to include results matched by name, telephone and/or ZIP/postal code. One of yes or no. This should be used in conjunction with the postal and telephone parameters.
listings | Include details of all SERPs returned, not just the matches. Defaults to "no". Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".
screenshots | Determines whether or not to generate SERP screenshots and include the links to those screenshots in the response. Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".

> with-keyword-volume | Include keyword volume value. Defaults to "no". Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with-keyword-volume | Include keyword volume data in the response. There's an additional charge for this data. Accepts "yes" or "no". The default is "no".
```
